# Core Team Meeting 2018-10-09 18:00

# Attendees:
## Present:
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Alistair Lynn
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
## Apologies:
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Jake Howard
- Anton Nikitin

## Agenda:
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018
2. Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues  
	1. Competition venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Book Kickstart venues 
	3. Kit status (Peter) 
	4. Teams Recruitment (Jake) 
	5. SR2019 Game (Alistair) 
3. AOB 
	1. Future meeting times
	2. Safeguarding
	3. October Monthly Report

## Minutes: 
1. 
2. 
	1. The SUSU booking officer should be in the office tomorrow, Kajetan and Tyler will try to catch them.
	2. Kickstart venues have been booked. Andy BS will create a tree of issues and nice-to-haves, delegating tickets to relevant core team members.
	3. Hackday on Sunday went well but there are still a couple of things to test.
	4. Jake will email teams confirming places despite not having the venue booked yet.
	5. Alistair has sent criteria to the core team and has a game mechanics list. He will send an email about the process.
3.
	1. Currently the Doodle poll indicates that Tuesdays 6pm are now the preferred slot.
	2. The trustees' rewording doesn't seem to have solved the technicality problem. A ticket is open for ops manual review, so suggestions can be added to that. 
	3. Andy B will draft and post in slack for review.

## Action Points:
### General:
- A ticket is open for ops manual review, safeguarding rewording suggestions should be directed there.
### Specific:
- Kajetan and Tyler will try to meet with SUSU as soon as possible.
- Jake will email teams confirming places despite not having the venue booked yet.
- Andy BS will create a tree of kickstart issues and nice-to-haves, delegating tickets to relevant core team members.
- Alistair will send an email about the game process.
- Andy B will draft a monthly report and post in slack for review.
