# Core Team Meeting 2018-10-30 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Tyler Ward
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
### Apologies
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Jake Howard

## Agenda
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018/YYYY-MM-DD.md
	1. Create a draft budget (Alistair) 
	2. Kit status (Peter) 
	3. Competition venue booking (Kajetan) 
	4. Arrange Kickstart 
	5. Teams Recruitment (Jake) 
	6. SR2019 Game (Alistair) 
	7. Arrangements for mentoring post-kickstart (Andy B-S, Jake)
2. AOB 
	1. Safeguarding
	2. Risk assessment
	3. Forum

## Minutes
1. Minutes to be reviewed in relevant pull request on GitHub
	1. Alistair will skeleton a budget and ask specific core team roles for their estimated costings.
	2. There are enough batteries and other equipment except wire. USB sticks need wiping. Fibreglass should be added to the risk assessment. Tyler will look into booking Mountbatten/ other rooms for kit packing this weekend. Andy BS will send an announcement to volunteers.
	3. SUSU are now just confirming that we can book over Easter, we should be able to pick a date that suits us. Security will cost £14 an hour.
	4. More people are needed to help with microgames. Andy BS will do the risk assessment this evening. Team locations have been decided and need to be confirmed to them (if not already). Tablets will not be shipped, Peter will remove the relevant tasks.
	5. 35 confirmed + 2 waiting. We have enough kit and space so will admit the 2, especially as we are expecting dropouts.
	6. Ideas welcomed.
	7. No progress.
2.
	1. Tyler has posted the relevant John Bartlett emails in Slack.
	2. Almost finished and will be posted to the website.
	3. Saffron will not be used, and we will be careful to adhere to GDPR.

## Action Points
### General
### Specific
- Alistair will skeleton a budget.
- Andy BS will finish the risk assessment and add fibreglass.
- Andy BS will send a kit-packing announcement to volunteers.
- Tyler will look into booking Mountbatten for kit-packing.
- Peter will remove the relevant tablet tasks.
