# Core Team Meeting 2019-03-05 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Hack Day
	2. Update email to teams with competition info
	3. Hiring things for competition
	4. Scheduling competition
	5. Tech Day
2. AOB
	1. Development Team
	2. Inviting Sponsors
	3. Emergency Contact Number

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. The hack day was a success, several tasks were assigned and the volcano skeleton has now been built.
	2. Jake has drafted the email but is being blocked by media consent. Peter will assist with the licensing approval.
	3. Tyler will speak with Dan and Kajetan to open a conversation with SUSU about competition requirements. We need to begin hiring certain things for the competition soon but require trustee budget approval. 
	4. Andy BS will work with Kajetan to begin planning a setup schedule with appropriate volunteers assigned to tasks.
	5. The tech day is only being run in Southampton, and no teams have officially confirmed attendance. If no teams turn up then the day will be run like a hack day in Room 25.
2. 
	1. Dan will send the proposal to the trustees tomorrow after core team reviews.
	2. Antoine can invite potential sponsors to attend the competition.
	3. On the forums Kajetan's phone number was given as a contact. This is problematic in terms of DBS and privacy concerns. We will make it clear that teachers are solely responsible for competitors, and Jake will look into the potential of an emergency specific SIM.  

## Action Points
### Specific
- Peter will assist Jake with the media consent licensing approval.
- Tyler will speak with Dan and Kajetan to open a conversation with SUSU about competition requirements.
- Tyler will remind the trustees about the urgency of budget approval.
- Andy BS will work with Kajetan to begin planning a competition setup schedule with appropriate volunteers assigned to tasks.
- Dan will send the development team proposal to the trustees tomorrow after core team reviews.
- Jake will look into the potential of an emergency specific SIM.  