# Core Team Meeting 2019-03-19 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward
- Antoine Petty
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Holly Holder (minutes)

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Hiring things for competition
	2. Competitor Accessibility 
	3. Core team intro to event booklet
2. AOB
	1. SUSUtv
	2. Kit handback address
	3. Inviting sponsors
	4. Competition readiness review
	5. Barcode Scanner
	6. Hack Day

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. SUSU have agreed to all our equipment requests, apart from tables which we are hiring externally, and we are now waiting for their prices.
	2. No teams responded to Jake's email about accessibility requirements, however teams will be placed in pits catered to any specific needs.
	3. Tyler has drafted the event booklet, ready for core team members to help complete.
2. 
	1. Our request has been posted in the group but we are yet to receive a reply.
	2. The trustees have suggested that we use the charity adress for kit handbacks.
	3. Motorola have been invited but have not responded. Senior ECS people could be invited to hand out prizes.
	4. The main concern is future teams dropping out, it may be worth sending an encouraging message about previous competitors having built robots in very short timeframes.
	5. Tyler has an Amazon voucher which expires today, so will use that to put towards the cost of a barcode scanner.
	6. There are only two weekends before the competition so it might not be worthwhile organising an official hackday, but if people are planning to meet in Southampton anyway then this would be helpful.