# Core Team Meeting 2019-03-12 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Tech Day
	2. Hiring things for competition
	3. Media Consent 
	4. Competition Schedule
2. AOB
	1. SusuTV
	2. Inviting Sponsors
	3. Southampton Volunteers workload

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Although not any teams attended, the ones that did made good progress, as did SR volunteers.
	2. Several essentials such as scaffolding, radios and tables/chairs need ordering within days to ensure we can get them for the competition.
	3. Tickets will be generated by Jake receiving media consent emails from teams.
	4. Emails have been sent to more inactive teams on the IDE to check for dropouts and any issues. The schedule has been drafted but a group photo needs to be slotted in.
2. 
	1. SusuTV has been contacted and are yet to respond definitely, but it seems that their involvement will be unlikely. We need to decide how we could get around this, whether that be using their equipment, having a static arena camera or making our own workaround for a livestream.
	2. ABS has useful publicity information which he will pass to Antoine, and will email the local Southampton Youtuber. Joyce has been invited, and Antoine has emailed Motorola but they haven't responded yet.
	3. The majority of tasks can be done remotely so we should be careful not to overload the Southampton Core Team members with tasks.