# Core Team Meeting 2019-01-23 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
### Apologies
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Competition venue booking
	2. Create a draft budget
	3. Retro for core team function
	4. Shipping kits to teams
	5. New Treasurer
2. AOB
	1. Inactive forum complaint
	2. Competition Program Documentation
	3. Development Team
	4. Feb Tech day
	5. Business Cards

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. SUSU have told Diane that they will have an answer by 24th Jan. Jake will draft an email to schools which will be sent once SUSU have confirmed.
	2. Tyler has sent the budget to Diane.
	3. Peter has 7 responses and will begin to draw key points and conclusions from them.
	4. We still haven't shipped one main kit, and one 2nd kit. The UPS account has been locked, Andy Barrett-Sprot will contact Diane. We may need to ship the kit personally then reclaim. We will use the mystery kit to replace the broken team component, and collect their battery at the next tech day they attend.
	5. Andy Busse nominates Tyler, with Peter seconding. A vote was held among those present, with seven votes in favour and one abstention. Tyler is elected Treasurer.
2. 
	1. The main forum question has now been answered. We will make a rules ammendment regarding this. https://studentrobotics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=16&p=137#p137
	2. Jake has created the framework for the runbook and it can now begin to be written. We should have a license but we want it match with everything else so will delay for now.
	3. Andy Busse will draw up a definition for the Development Team.
	4. Teams need reminding so we can judge numbers. Jake will email teams, and Andy Barret-Sprot will email volunteers.
	5. Tyler will ask the trustees about getting business cards.

## Action Points
### Specific
- Jake will draft an email to schools for the competition announcement which will be sent once SUSU have confirmed.
- Peter will analyse the core team retro responses.
- Andy Barrett-Sprot will contact Diane about the UPS account.
- Andy Busse will draw up a definition for the Development Team.
- Jake will email teams about the February Tech Day. 
- Andy Barret-Sprot will email volunteers about the February Tech Day. 
- Tyler will ask the trustees about getting business cards.
