# Core Team Meeting 2018-10-23 18:00

## Attendees
### Present
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Callum Newlands
### Apologies
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Antoine Petty
- Anton Nikitin
- Dan Trickey

## Agenda

1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018/YYYY-MM-DD.md
2. Key issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues 
	1. Create a draft budget (Alistair) 
	2. Kit status (Peter) 
	3. Competition venue booking (Kajetan) 
	4. Arrange Kickstart 
	5. Teams Recruitment (Jake) 
	6. SR2019 Game (Alistair) 
3. AOB
	1. Safeguarding
	2. Mentoring
	3. Risk assessment
	4. Branding

## Minutes

1. Minutes to be reviewed in relevant pull request on GitHub
2.
	1. N/A as Alistair absent
	2. Possible packing session this weekend. The major blocker is batteries. Andy BS will speak to Southampton people about batteries and inventorising. In future we would like to move to python 3. There are some small tasks around the IDE. Peter will flesh out the kit packing tasks.
	3. SUSU still yet to respond. This is becoming a major issue. If possible Southampton people should repeatedly visit in person. Hosting at a school is really a last resort.
	4. Core team members should help out with the tasks. We need to locate the cable, and evaluate if we need more.
	5. We are currently at 35 confirmed teams, with 2 more on the waiting list. Due to kit and venue capacity currently being 36 we shouldn't confirm any more for the time being.
	6. If anyone has suggestions, put the in the slack channel.
3.
	1. Tyler will locate the John Bartlet safeguarding policy (since posted in slack).
	2. No progress.
	3. A team requested a risk assessment which is something we should have been doing anyway. Andy BS will look for past risk assessments and speak to Kier.
	4. Andy BS will chat to Antoine about publicity.


## Action Points
### General
- Core team members should help out with kickstart tasks.
### Specific
- Andy BS will speak to Southampton people about batteries and inventorising.
- Andy BS will look for past risk assessments and speak to Kier.
- Andy BS will chat to Antoine about publicity.
- Peter will flesh out the kit packing tasks.
- Peter will try to locate the cable.
- Kajetan should continue to make contact with SUSU.


