# Competition Team Meeting 2019-11-27

## Attendees

### Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Peter Law (minutes)

## Minutes

### Kit Shipping
 * No update on this; it's still with Rob

### Contacting unresponsive teams
 * We should contact the teams who we have allocated a place to, but who haven't
   yet responded at all regarding kits.
 * James will send an email to these teams

### London Tech day
 * We have cancelled the tech day as only one team had expressed any interest
 * Peter to email the one team which had expressed some interest
 * Peter to update the website & forums regarding this

### Venue

#### Reading
 * Turns out it’s quite expensive (see discussion in [#competiiton-venue](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/competiiton-venue))
 * Site visit will happen this coming Saturday (30th November)
 * We need to know from the trustees whether RUSU is viable
   * We have emailed Diane, Andy BS to follow up
 * Have we had a reply from the society at Reading?
   * Not yet, Jake to try again
   * There’s a drama society which might do stage things
   * There’s a group who do something about Google dev
   * James to reach out to other societies
   * Is there a maker space nearby? If so, they might have some contacts.
     * https://rlab.org.uk maybe?
   * Are there academics we can reach out to?

#### Southampton
 * Are being responsive :)
 * But give priority to societies, we’ll need to negotiate with the societies :(
 * We know which societies have bookings for the Cube, though the other parts of SUSU are less clear
 * During the Easter holidays is not an option because there is not a member of staff available
 * Is there an option to pay extra to have security open the venue during the holiday period?
   * Seems unlikely, but we can continue to chase this (Andy BS still owning this)
 * Next step is to talk to the societies with bookings
 * Currently aiming for the 24th/25th April 2020 (in term time) or 4th/5th April (out of term time)

### Teams with SR2019 kit
 * There are still teams with kit
 * They have acknowledged this and are willing to return it
 * Can we hand this over to the kit team?
   * Andy B to talk to the Kit Team about this

### Mentoring update
 * Team mentor assignments have started
   * But venue stuff is higher priority

## Action Points

### Specific

- James: send an email to the unresponsive teams (https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/35)
- Peter: email the team which had expressed some interest in the London Tech Day regarding its cancellation (done)
- Peter: update the website & forums regarding the cancellation of the London Tech Day (done)
- Andy BS: follow up with Diane regarding the cost of RUSU ([#182](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/182))
- Jake: follow up on the Reading society contact ([#183](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/183))
- James: reach out to other societies who might be able to help us ([#184](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/184))
- Andy B: talk to the kit team about them taking over the recovery of SR2019 kits ([#185](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/185))
