# Competition Team Meeting 2019-10-18
## Attendees
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Peter Law

## Kit Shipping
- Jake and Peter will meet up on Sunday to pick up some things to ship to London and Diane. Diane will take the kit to Cambridge.
- We should have a retro post-kickstart

## Budget
- A proposal is still being made by Andy.

## Forums
- Peter will get the forum working this weekend. Will be ‘a pain in the arse’.
- Mentor accounts also being worked on (blocking on actually getting mentors)

## IDE, Robot API, & Docs
- Kit team is planning on doing all of these on Wednesday Evening.
- We can do the simulator if the Kit team hasn’t done it.
- There shouldn’t be any changes other than marker constants.
- We think they might be waiting on us for the rules to be finalized? We’re actually pretty confident the marker IDs so we should tell them they can do it whenever.

## Microgames
- Jake and Peter will pick up the components from the container on Sunday
- AI(Andy) possibly take ownership of the microgame tasks. Liaise with James about it.

## Printing
- Andy will coordinate with Jenny about printing things for Cambridge.
- We should send out the kit disclaimer forms to the teams now and get them to sign up.
  - AI(Jake) Make a form for volunteers to check off if they’ve received the kit disclaimer forms, if they turned up, and what the part code was for the box.

## Rules
- We should confirm the arena size on Sunday, otherwise we'll go with 8m.

## Courier
- AI(Antoine) Find a good courier by lunchtime on Sunday.

## Blog post
- We should prepare a post-kickstart blog post.

## Presentation
- It’s pretty much done, copy of last year, plus some images.

## Simulator
- AI(Andy) Update the simulator, or at least confirm it’s working.

## Action Points
- Jake & Peter: Do things in the container
  - Kickstart components.
  - Measure the arena wall lengths.
  - Pick up all the kits.
  - Tshirts.
- Andy: Reschedule the next meeting to Thursday.
- Andy: Update the simulator.
- Antoine: Find a courier.
- Andy: Finish the microgames.
