# Competition Team Meeting YYYY-MM-DD 00:00

## Attendees

### Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprott
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law (minutes)

## Minutes

### Kit Shipping
 * Rob is having issues finding a courier who will ship kits with the batteries in them
    * Apparently you need certification to ship the batteries
      * We need to verify that the batteries are suitably certified, or take the risk that they’re not actually certified
      * We should send an email to affected teams
        * Jake to do this on Monday
      * Could we have done more to progress this before now?
        * Lack of visibility has been the main issue
        * Not sure that adding more people would have necessarily helped
    * All the admin is done; we’ve had responses from all but 4 of the teams
      * Are we chasing those 4 teams?

### Venue

#### Reading
 * They’re very interested in hosting.
 * Awaiting site visit. This is planned for Saturday 30th November.
 * Can we work out the budget ahead of time?
 * If we can get one of their societies involved, we can have their internal rates.
   * Have sent an email earlier this week to the “Are you hacking” society, we're awaiting a reply
 * Can we get floorplans, work out arena/team pit requirements?

#### Southampton
 * SRO are happy to help us run this
  * Jenny W is the contact point
  * We have the application/booking form from SUSU Tech Events
  * After form submission we’d then arrange a meeting to discuss in more detail
  * Then we get a quote back
  * We’ll be pushing SUSU to quickly turn around the booking

### London Tech day
 * Still only had one response, from CLY, who can’t actually come
   * Maybe email the local teams directly to see interest

### New meeting time?
 * Changed to 6:30 - 7:45 Wednesday, as announced in Slack

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake: email affected teams with an update regarding kit shipping
