# Competition Team Meeting 2019-11-08

## Attendees

### Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Peter Law (minutes)

### Apologies

- James Seden Smith

## Minutes

### Shipping of kits

 * Jake has been in contact with Rob
   * Rob has kits, we don’t know how many he has
      * Jake has a bunch in his garage, he’ll tell Rob about this
   * The agreement is that Jake just needs to give Rob addresses
   * Shipping is currently blocked on getting addresses from teams
   * There are two teams who have asked about this
 * We need to remind teams about kit disclaimers (https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/32)
   * Defer to doing & review this later (this happened)

### Confirmation of the competition date
 * Blocked on understanding the venue requirements
 * Reading as a venue
   * Jake is planning to email Reading this weekend
     ([#169](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/169)), in
     order to try to understand from them what the relationship between us and
     the Uni could be
 * Southampton as a venue
   * Andy BS will talk to SRO to see if there are any overlapping volunteers who could help us make the booking
   * We assume that if we try to make the booking as an external entity, the costs will be much higher we’re used to
 * Do we need more information from the teams (regarding optimal dates)?
   * Doing a Doodle poll for this feels easy and potentially valuable
   * Peter will email the teams about this

### Mentoring
 * Andy BS will own arranging mentoring
 * Andy BS will produce some documentation for mentoring:
   * How to organise mentoring
   * What we’re doing for SR2020
 * The aim here is to have got this started within the next couple of weeks
 * There is a map of teams at
   <https://www.google.com/maps/d/edit?mid=1vEwB5vYNA-KJDnatYtwm7qD9Ewkccd9u&ll=51.46334077308725%2C-0.13531517179524144&z=11>,
   which is also in the topic in [#teams](https://studentrobobics.slack.com/messages/teams)
 * We would like to also have some remote mentoring this year

### Tech Days
 * Reminder: there is a google sheet which contains some suggested dates for Tech Days, linked from the task
 * London
   * There is going to be a London Tech Day, it’s on the website
      * Peter will own emailing teams about this -- we'll include it in the email about comeptition dates
      * Peter will own emailing volunteers about this
      * We should do this soon, possibly in the doing this evening (didn't happen)
 * Southampton
   * IBM contact
      * We thought that Hope had a contact at IBM, but we haven’t heard back from her about this yet
      * Antione will contact Tom W about this, to see if he can help
      * It’s feeling likely that we won’t get an IBM tech day this side of Christmas
   * Let’s see if we can book a Tech Day at Southampton Uni in late November/early December
 * Cambridge
   * We haven’t heard back from Diane about the availability of the Pi Foundation for Tech Days in the new year; she’s been on holiday
   * We're not likely to be able to book a Tech Day at Cambridge Uni with enough notice for teams
   * Conclusion: we are not planning to book a Cambridge Tech Day before the new year
 * Once we have the dates for the Raspberry Pi Foundation availability, we’ll review what other dates we should book in for the other venues and get them all booked in.

### Possible new meeting time
 * Jake will send around a doodle poll for a new meeting time


## Action Points

### Specific

 * Andy BS will talk to SRO to see if there are any overlapping volunteers who could help us make a booking at Southampton for the competition ([#172](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/172))
 * Andy BS will organise mentoring ([#173](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/173))
 * Andy BS will produce some documentation for mentoring ([#174](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/174))
 * Peter will email teams about competition dates and the London Tech Day ([#175](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/175))
 * Peter will email volunteers about the London Tech Day ([#176](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/176))
 * Antoine will contact Tom W about this, to see if he can help ([#177](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/177))
 * Jake will send around a doodle poll for a new meeting time (already done)
