# Competition Team Meeting 2020-06-03

## Attendees:

- Andy Barrett-sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Virtual Competition announcement has happened

- 5 teams signed up so far (one of whom interested in entering multiple teams)

### Structure of the competition

This was discussed without a significant outcome. We agreed to move discussion onto the tasks entry for this and then moved on to create the list of tasks for the competition (enumerated below).
### Tasks

- How to get information from teams (i.e. interviews about strategies etc)
- How many weekends will this run down (2 + knockout?)
  - What dates are we exactly going for
  - Are we broadcasting all the sessions for a weekend in one go, or are we doing separate rounds?
  - How many matches are we going to run?
    - Depends somewhat on the number of teams
- Are we pre-recording vs live-running simulations
  - How do we apply the commentator audio to the livestream
- How many volunteers are needed to run a (virtual) event?
  - Enumerate the roles
    - Run the simulation (parallelises well)
    - Commentator ×2
    - Video mixer?
    - Scorer
    - Judge
    - In-chat mentors ⩾ 2
    - Coördinator (maybe)
- We need to review the rulebook
  - There are going to be rules which no longer apply
  - We may want to add some new rules around conduct?
- How long before a match should teams submit their code?
  - This impacts the choices around live-ness
  - Trade-off here is around the live-feel of the matches for teams and how much they feel they can edit their code as they go
  - Proposed investigation: Time a full run-through of running simulation to finished video
- How will competitors submit their code?
- How will we run multiple robots at the same time?
- Are we going to sandbox the teams’ code?
- When/how are we doing commentary?
- What does scoring look like?
  - How does this interact with the running of the simulation?
  - Probably want to pause the simulation at the end of the match and then capture an image from the “above” position as a record of the match
- Are we going to have downtime between matches, if so what shows then?
  - Even just a logo which the commentators can talk over?
  - Or maybe the score ranking?
- What awards are we going to award?
  - What are the prizes going to be? (will there be physical prizes?)
  - Where/to whom are we going to send the trophies/prizes?
- How will prizegiving work?
  - Do we want to get a celebrity guest speaker?
- Can we make use of the teams’ physical robots?
  - Would be really good to recognise the teams which had made progress here
  - But not all teams even have access to their robots
- How much do we want to be live-updating the website with scores etc.?
  - Timings matching the live stream might be interesting?
  - Suspect this is lower priority than normal though
- Should we have a livestream overlay?
  - Maybe use the one we’ve used in the past for the competition livestream?
- We should contact the teams who dropped out
  - The announcement email only went to the still-present teams
  - Probably a similar email to the one already sent out
- Organise Publicity
  - Potentially for the knockouts only?
  - Invite guests
  - Prepare post-competition news article
- Practise competition
  - Publicise to volunteers
  - Run

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake: Turn the above tasks into tasks in the Tasks repo
