# SR2020 Competition team & Trustee minutes

## Attendees:
### Competition team:
- Andy Barrett-sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
### Trustees:
- Jimmy Thompson
- Diane Dowling
- David Massey

## Competition will be Postponed
- AI(trustees): Contact the kit team about postponing the competition. (Discuss their plans, etc..)
- Reading university told us they cannot host us in April, and will reschedule our booking to late june/early july without cost. They’ve given us a few dates to choose from.
- Volunteer attendance
    - Concern of summer internships (they should be able to attend weekends anyway, low risk).
    - Most volunteers can attend in June/July according to the form we sent out.
- AI(jhoward): send email to teams announcing competition move and asking for preferred new dates
- AI(jhoward): contact reading to ensure we’re going to keep one of the dates.
- Team attendance:
    - Recapture teams that have dropped out:
        - 2 dropped out because of coronavirus.
        - How many dropped out because the kit team arrived late?
        - The kit team was told to collect the kits, if we get a response from the teams we should tell them to stop.
    - Most teams can attend in June/July according to the form we sent out.
- When to reschedule to:
    - Plan to send a form to teams and volunteers to ask when they’re free:
        - We should consider hotel prices when we pick a date.
    - Other teams that may not be able to travel.

- AI(andybs) call premier inn to cancel the booking in the morning.
- AI(jhoward): Ensure Scarzy contacts the first aider about rescheduling.
- Dissolution of the competition team will be postponed.

## Discussion: Virtual robot competition:
    - Teams submit code to run in the simulator
    - Simulator would need upgrading to 3D if we run the rules
    - If we get this working we should do it around xmas time in future years.

# Action Points
## Specific
- trustees: Contact the kit team about postponing the competition. (Discuss their plans, etc..)
- jhoward: send email to teams announcing competition move and asking for preferred new dates.
- jhoward: contact reading to ensure we’re going to keep one of the dates.
- jhoward: ensure Scarzy contacts the first aider about rescheduling.
- andybs: call premier inn to cancel the booking in the morning.
