# Competition Team Meeting 2020-07-08

## Attendees:

- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Released 0.3.2

This release has lots of fixes.

### Last Saturday’s dry run

We didn't manage to do a full dress rehearsal, though it was very useful.

We confirmed that we will:
 - Pre-record the matches
 - Run on Saturday and Sunday
 - Cut off submissions at 10am
 - Run livestream at 3pm

Editor's note: this has been announced to teams.

### Team updates

 - We haven’t had any teams reply regarding interviews or other robot
   celebrations. There have been 70 social media posts with images, which we may be able to use though.

 - We have had two teams drop out -- we’re down to 10 teams

### Blockers

 - Code submission is not yet defined (Needs to be defined before Friday evening)
 - Haven’t assigned volunteers to many roles yet
 - Need to coordinate how mentors are going to be let into and identified on the chat
 - Need to define (when, who) a briefing for volunteers ([#602](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/602))
 - Need to decide what we’re doing with regards to robot celebrations and other padding material
 - Need a league match schedule
 - Need a process for code inspection -- we’re running untrusted code!
 - <https://github.com/srobo/competition-simulator/milestone/2>
 - <https://github.com/srobo/competition-simulator/milestone/3>

### Preparation for the competition

We’ll have another practise competition on Friday afternoon. Aim for a full
dress rehearsal.

### How to run the simulation

In order to ensure consistent behaviour between runs, we’re aiming to run the
simulation on one machine per weekend.

## Actions

 * ABS: Prepare an intro visual for the livestream
 * Peter: Push back start of matches to 15:10, allows 10 minutes of build-up from the commentators (done)
 * Jake: poke Alistair about a league schedule
