# Competition Team Meeting 2020-08-12

## Attendees

### Present

- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty


### Apologies

-

## Agenda

1. Feedback
2. Prizes
3. Post-competition reports

## Topics

- Gather feedback
  - Teams https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/611
    - 10 responses (2 leaders, 8 competitors)
    - Results are fairly unsurprising - virtual competition was a welcome alternative given the circumstances but not quite as good as the physical competition.
    - 50% of competitors found the simulator laggy - may be pushing the limit of your average computer.
    - Competition Simulator was felt to be significantly better than the old simulator
    - Possibly didn’t explain the smaller than usual arena clearly enough at Kickstart (At least one team didn’t realise)
    - The game this year was simpler than last year. This was appreciated by teams. We think it’s better for a game to be more simple than more complex.
    - 100% of responders would recommend Student Robotics.
  - Volunteers https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/613
    - 3 responses
    - Some negative feedback
      - Work not well spread - some volunteers given a significant amount of the work
        - The “core group” of virtual competition volunteers were people working on it in the run-up to the competition. Volunteers outside of this group who wanted to help out felt they had a bit of a barrier due to this.
        - All meetings were open to anyone but this could have been advertised more as the meeting titles could be read as only Competition Team members can attend.
          - Perhaps a note for the future could be to call our weekly “competition team meetings” “competition meetings” instead
          - Could do a monthly email to volunteers with a quick overview, link to minutes and advertise for anyone to attend weekly competition team meetings
          - Another option could be to do a weekly summary of the meeting in slack. A sentence or two summarising topics covered with a link to the full minutes.
        - Limited number of things to do / scope to split tasks.
          - Not a lot of “extra” roles in the virtual competition compared to the physical competition (such as shepherds, tea runners, helpdesk)
        - Could have been more work to split tasks compared to just doing it ourselves.
        - Perhaps we shouldn’t have advertised for more volunteers when we had already filled the competition-day roles.
        - Very few volunteers attended the briefings for the competition days on the Fridays.
      - Respondee felt that blame was assigned to individuals when things went wrong
        - This was not the intention of any of the competition team, we’re concerned that individuals left feeling this.
        - Thinking back we can’t think of a case where an individual was blamed other than when people ‘self blamed’ when things went wrong.
          - There were instances where things went wrong and we may have been urgently looking for an individual to help fix the issue. In hindsight this could appear as blame when in reality these were the people able to fix the issues, maybe we - could have been clearer in briefings about who can deal with which problems?
        - Going forward we should make sure that we keep an eye on how we respond to things going wrong and call out any individuals being blamed when we need to fix things as a team.
    - Overall we seem to have very positive feedback from teams and mixed feedback from volunteers. Given the short timescales and other limitations, we feel it was a big success.
- Prizes https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/556
  - Missing a couple of address confirmations
  - Nothing happened since last week
  - Jenny to message Andy
- Post-competition reports https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/612
  - @Jake to send email to trustees
    - Should form the SR2021 Competition Team pretty much now (The game, Kickstart etc organisation should be beginning now)
    - It’s possible current members of the competition team may begin trying to plan some of SR2021 in an open fashion (without any binding decisions being made) in the interest of time

## Action Points

### General

- (Unassigned - for next year’s team) Rename Competition Team Meetings to be Competition Meetings instead (to welcome other volunteers a little more) (https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/230)

### Specific

- Jenny to contact Andy to sort out trophies (Done)
- Jake send post-competition reports to trustees (Done)
