## 2021-12-01

Agenda:
* Make a decision on 1 day vs 2 days
* Tech Day
* Venue
* No competition

Venue:
* Southampton seems happy to fund us.
* We quoted 3.5-4k which is *all* of our expenses
* This might be too high, we’ll see how Southampton replies
* Andy has spoken to SRO,
    * Asked for Thursday/Friday before (Thursday preferably bar 2/3/cube, Friday everything).
    * Hopefully we’ll get a quote from SUSU soon.

Tech Day:
* Jake is de-facto running this
* Presenting to teams?
    * We should have a presentation.
    * Not on Discord, just livestream it (Unlisted).
    * Take live questions in chat.
    * Present the answers to microgames tasks.
* Visibility to volunteers
    * @everyone in slack
    * No SR(A)WN 
    * Email
        * Not worth it for this tech day only
* Future Tech days.
    * We will pin down some dates post-christmas (too much covid uncertainty).

1 Day vs 2 Days:
* The competition is a 2 day event!*
    * * COVID permitting

Mentoring:
* Not too many teams have signed up, we think this is probably because we’re more active on Discord.
* Helping teams
    * Sometimes teams’ questions are being unanswered, we should try to give more feedback to teams.
    * Dump something in slack reminding people.

If we have no physical competition at all?:
* We’ll need to update the simulator
    * Add new vision
    * The simulator is mostly ready
* We’ll do livestreamed finals
* We can update the simulator to match the competition in the meantime
* We should have a go/nogo date for the competition itself.

Planning the competition & setup:
* We need to pick a date for setting up the competition
    * We should also go through the recurring tasks
    * We should go through the retro from last years competitions.
    * Competition Planning day scheduled:
            Saturday, 26 March 2022 · 10:00am – 5:00pm
            Video call link: [https://meet.google.com/txc-ekaj-smo](https://meet.google.com/txc-ekaj-smo)

Minutes on GitHub:
* Lets put minutes on GitHub.
* ([https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1638387969021000](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1638387969021000))

AOB:
* Give team a voice channel
* Other competition committee members turning up
* Maybe the timing is wrong?
* Talk to the missing people.
