# Competition team meeting Minutes 2021-09-22

Agenda items:

* Email to teams
* The Simulator
* Timelines
* Tasks
    * Recurring tasks
    * Things which aren’t assigned yet
* The game

Minutes:

* Number of functioning kits
    * 25-30
    * 20 are with teams.
* Email to teams
    * What are we asking?
        * Primary question: Are you interested in taking part?
            * This should include a link to the form.
                * Questions on the form:
                    * Do you have a kit already
                    * ...
            * Do we put a sign-up form on the website?
                * Yes we should
        * Covid requirements?
            * Maybe schools might not know
        * How will your team be meeting, are they able to meet regularly physically?
        * Tell teams: 
            * We assume the competition will be in-person in a venue.
            * Arena will be designed to fit in a smaller space (fitting in a classroom)
            * Physical robots.
        * We should ask teams if they would be able to _host _an event: (they should fill in these details in the application form).
            * Other schools attend.
            * Smaller size.
            * Blueshirts run it.
            * We should aim the email towards this.
        * If regional events are viable
            * We can simplify the competition so that students can run it
            * Insurance
                * Concerns over training students (2-3 hours needed?)
                * What’s the difference between this and a tech day?
                    * Not really?
                * Need to meet with Scarzy to carry on.
* Kickstart
    * All online
    * Activities:
        * Check their kits as early as possible.
* Game design
    * If international teams can compete?
        * Can we design a game that allows teams to compete at home?
            * Potentially, Alistair has some ideas.
    * Let’s schedule a meeting to design the game.
* The Simulator
    * Can we do a _hybrid _competition? (as in, a competition that relies on the simulator, instead of it being an extra tool).
        * Running both the simulator and the kit is a problem
            * There’s lots of work needed for the simulator (as usual)
            * There’s lots of work for the kit (Upgrade to Python 3).
            * There’s a lot of documentation to do.
        * Not super feasible (see above)
        * Encourages teams to build a robot similar to the simulator robot.
        * Some teams may not have the compute power to run the Webots simulator.
    * What about a post-physical competition virtual event?
        * Can decide post-kickstart.
        * Concerns over if the physical competition doesn’t feel as final
            * We’d have different sets of prizes
* Timeline:
    * Kickstart:
        * What’s blocking running Kickstart:
            * Vast majority of teams
            * Game
            * Kit software needs to be updated.
            * Kits need to be in the team’s hands.
            * Microgames.
        * Kit support session before kickstart
            * We could sort out sessions to get the kits working
            * Microgames with the teams at the same time?
            * Mention this to the kit team.
                * Let’s meet with the kit team
* Future meetings:
    * Better Timekeeping
    * Appoint a chair
    * Appoint a minute-taker.
    * Agenda before meeting.
    
## action items
- Andy B-S: schedule a meeting to design the game.
The Simulator
- Andy B-S Arrange a kit team meeting
