## 2021-11-17

Agenda:
* Venue
* Recurring tasks
* Tech days
* Mentoring

Venue:
* Think Andy was dealing with it, no updates from anyone else
* Only announcement at Kickstart was event would be around easter

Recurring Tasks:
* We used these to help with Kickstart
* We should look and see what the next batch we need to import are
    * Jake to take a look

Tech Days:
* When should we do in-person ones?
    * We don’t think we should do one this year
    * Maybe early next year?
    * Historically been a Feb one, March one and weekend before one.
    * Where could we do them?
        * Southampton with help from SRO?
        * Maybe Oxford?
        * Horsham could be good (Guildford schools + easy train from london) maybe use Collyers?
        * Cambridge in Hills Road?
    * Think we need to gauge interest around locations before confirming dates and actual venues
        * Jake to make a form and include it on Virtual Tech Day Email.
* Do we want virtual ones aswell?
    * Maybe one in early december?
    * We could just announce the virtual one as long as we have volunteers
    * We would just help teams in discord
        * Let Team Supervisors know that we can offer voice channels before this event to aid in us supporting teams
    * What would a virtual tech day look like?
        * Presentations? Directed tasks?
        * Think early on mainly just an increased presence of Blueshirts would be helpful?
        * Could increase teams presence on discord if we give them a date
        * We could ask teams what they want help with ahead of time and prepare resources around these areas
            * Karina has asked her friend that runs code camps (a similarish event) for ideas/guidance
    * We think we should go for an early december virtual tech day
        * Jake to draft email to teams

Mentoring:
* We have allocated people to 4 teams for a one off ‘kickstart’ mentoring.
* Now we need to arrange normal mentoring
    * We should add a form to the Virtual techday email asking teams if they want regular mentoring
    * Also need to ask volunteers if they are willing to mentor (mailchimp email rather than just those with google accounts)
        * Antoine can make this
* Antoine + Oana joined a teams calls to mentor
    * Team asked how to do something, they were pointed at docs
    * Only needed for 10 mins
    * We should try and make sure regular mentoring doesn’t turn into solely tech support

SR(A)WN:
* We did a Kickstart!
* Mentor sign up (when form exist)
* Planning a virtual tech day
