# Competition Committee meeting 2021-09-01

## Attendees
- Can't remember :(

## Competition team meeting 2021-09-01

* Deciding what format the competition will be in.
    * We will try to do something physical.
    * Shipping kits to teams
        * James works for a shipping company, maybe a lead for a discount?
        * Alternatively we get teams to pay for shipping?
            * It is against our values. We should try to avoid it.
        * Some teams who have their kits
            * This is a Kit team question, maybe they keep them?
    * Prioritising team count or kit count?
        * Prioritise kit count
        * Maybe get the opinion from Trustees?
        * It’ll look worse with fewer teams
        * But we’ll be able to give deeper help with teams.
            * Potentially we can scale mentoring with the teams.
        * Covid risk is lower with fewer teams.
* Tech days at schools:
    * Something to ask schools about (teachers that know what they’re talking about).
* Regional competitions
    * Two-robot game, teams meet up and compete?
        * Teams may not have their robots ready for this.
        * They might not have the time to work on them until February.
    * Takes a lot of volunteers to run:
        * We could recruit students to run the event. (Make the teams feel like they’re running it)
            * Ask teams now if they’re willing to host a venue
            * Are there enough students?
                * Potentially. Probably 1 in 5 would be okay with it (andy B-S guess)!
    * Costs a lot to run
        * We can cut costs:
            * 1 day
            * School venues are free.
            * Smaller arena (1hr setup)
            * Smaller robots (within reason)
            * Already carpeted
            * Lighting (we can just get some diffuse lighting)
        * Power?
            * We think we can handle it.
    * DBS
        * Talk to Scarzy?
        * We act as facilitators.
* Individual venues
    * Some may give it to us for free (maybe soton?)
    * Smaller teams count to fit in the venue with covid safety.
    * Duxford may be able to run for free?
        * Contact them?
* Tech days at the schools too.
    * Give teams a ‘teaching pack’ to build the kits.
* Kickstart
    * Game announcement - online (with viewing parties).
    * ‘Teaching pack’ - replace microgames, but have much more content (enough to have a working robot).
    * Date?
        * Second week of half-term, alternatively second week of January (assuming teams don’t have January exams).
* Announcing the venue at kickstart
    * Doesn’t seem plausible.
* Mentoring teams
    * Virtual mentoring?
        * It’ll be hybrid, hopefully this is workable.
        * We can allocate teams.
        * Safeguarding should not be a problem.
            * We will write down how to handle this.
    * Tech day
        * Maybe run these as kickstart-style events to get teams up and running.
* Simulator
    * Potentially split teams up into programming/making.

Next meeting:



* Same time next week.
