## 2021-11-24

Agenda:
* Perse school response
* Venue
* Fundraising
* Mentoring
* Rules Change
* SR(A)WN

Perse school:
* They can’t find their kit, their teacher can’t remember signing up.
    * We should forward their email to the kit team
* Kit team are planning on chasing up other missing kits
* Why was this sent to the competition team? Because we own teams@, we should just always forward these emails.

Venue:
* No updates for organising
* We **will **make a decision on 1 day vs 2 days next week.
    * We need to consolidate the pros/cons into a doc
    * Get feedback from Alistair
* Need to clarify if venue hire is free.

Fundraising:
* Hand over Southampton fundraising to the fundraising team.
    * Fundraising team should ask for a contribution toward compensation for running the competition, (we’d also count the venue as part of the sponsorship, but it doesn’t need negotiation, so  can handle it). 
    * We likely can’t get money from Joyce late in the academic year, so we should make an estimate and ask for contributions towards it. (Maybe we can get a quote from SUSU)

Mentoring:
* We need to tell teams and volunteers about competition mentoring.
    * Teams’ email can be tacked onto Jake’s Tech Days email.
    * Volunteers' email needs to be written.
* Decision: Tech Days are capitalized like “Tech Days”.

Rules change:
* Is a can upright if it’s tilted?
    * Current PR says use centre of volume, which may be subjective.
    * Will and Andy thinks you can use the centre of mass, so you can test 
    * Alternatively, you can just declare tilted cans are fallen over.
    * Ultimately, this is a decision for .
* Details about the can
    * Will has bought a can.
        * [Tesco Sliced Carrots In Water 300G](https://www.tesco.com/groceries/en-GB/products/256228356).
        * It’s corrugated.
        * It’s steel.
        * 1 inch of tape around the edge for marking it.
    * We need to buy 40-ish cans

SR(A)WN:
* We need mentors

Teams with nobody in Discord:
* We should send two prodding emails:
    * One about teams without a leader.
    * One about teams who haven’t signed up at all.

CCR’s kit issue:
* Their vision is reporting a really long distance
* We should check this isn’t a code issue (Kit team owns this)
* Our instructions on how big the markers are is unclear

Discuss 1 vs 2 day events:
* Pros of 2 day:
    * The spectacle.
    * Even for a one-day competition, some people will need to book a hotel.
    * More matches.
    * More tinker time.
    * Time to fix things over the evening.
    * More stressful for everyone (teams and volunteers).
* Cons of 2 day:
    * Some teams have to book hotels / travel at ridiculous-o-clock on a Sunday night.
        * Some teams normally leave early
    * More Expensive.
    * Possibly fewer volunteers available, because we won’t have accommodation money.
* Pending information:
    * Alistair’s opinions
    * Possible venue costs
