
## Competition team meeting 2021-09-15

## Attendees:

- Andy B-S
- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Will Barber
- Sorry if I'm missing anyone (feel free to edit)

### Competition:

* Ask teams that have kits if they want to compete
* Plausibility of regional competitions.
    * AI(Andy BS): speak with Scarzy about insurance issues.
    * Andy Busse is asking teams
    * Pros/cons
        * Pro: Scalable
        * Con: Number of volunteers
            * There’s still a minimum number of SR volunteers.
                * 5 or 6 volunteers per regional competition.
        * Con: multiple events means more costs, possibly too expensive?
            * AI(??) Do the numbers. Can use the previous budget as a basis.
        * Pro: Travel is easier
        * Pro: More matches
        * Pro: Possibly fewer dropouts
    * How do finals work?
        * Multiple options:
            * One additional regional competition of the victors.
                * Teams might not be able to turn up:
                    * We could take their robots and compete them later?
            * Take the robots and compete with later?
                * Lose out on the spectacle.
            * Virtual component to seed matches
* Virtual component:
    * Mixing virtual and physical:
        * Virtual leagues to help seed?
    * Run a mini-virtual competition early on in the year.
    * AI(andy B-S): Speak to the kit team about the timeline for the simulator.
* Game:
    * We should get this rolling very soon.
    * Design a game that works for both regional and full competition designs.
    * Design a game for the real world.
* Full competition:
    * Would also be 1 day.
        * AI(wbarber): We need to sit down and plan a 1-day schedule for 20ish teams.
            * Also one for 5-ish teams.
    * Covid concerns?
        * Shouldn’t be too painful for the arena
        * Possible issues for lunch.
    * Possibly use the school of a team as a venue.
    * Arena set-up
        * SR’s wooden arenas are faster to set up.
        * Carpeted floors are strongly preferred.
            * Using the carpet would be possible in Southampton
                * AI(Andy B-S) Badger Joyce.
    * Pros/cons
        * Pro: Easier to organise.
        * Con: Need a larger venue (might be more expensive)
        * Con: More time needed to run matches.
        * Con: Volunteer/Team travel is harder.
        * Pro: Volunteers travelling to one event.
* Size:
    * Aim for 20 teams.
* Venues
    * AI(??): There are a few free places.
        * Duxford IWM.
        * There’s a spreadsheet.
* Mentoring:
    * AI(??): We need to be proactive, start hiring mentors now.
        * Hiring mentors:
            * Provide a mentoring pack (Aimed at mentors <span style="text-decoration:underline;">and teachers</span>)
                * AI(??): Basic robot building guide. (don’t go into too much detail).
                    * Mention we want to do this to Kit & Marketing teams.
                * Peter has some excellent mentoring docs in the runbook.
    * Discord massively helped, and should improve the quality of mentoring this year.
        * Robot & team image should point towards discord? Less free marketing but we can sort that with our own marketing.
* 
