# SR2021 Knockouts Retrospective

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Dan Trickey
- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward

We used easyretro.io to run this retro. We took 10 minutes to write up our own
notes before sharing them (see "Raw comments" below), then had discussion on
retrospective topics we felt warranted it.

## Topics

### Building on the learnings of previous years

- At what point should we review retros?

  - Immediately before the next event
  - Shortly after the event to make sure we’ve captured and actioned things
  - All at once upon starting a competition year?

- How do we make sure the actions are carried forward?

  - Tasks repo?
  - Recurring tasks?

- We don’t have a “kickstart kickoff”, so there’s no notable start to the planning process, where reviewing this would be best done

- We don’t have anyone with “project management” experience, so we attempt it all ourselves

  - Our stack can be off putting

#### Actions

- Peter: Start discussions on learning from retros ([#306](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/306))

### Presentation rehearsal

- We should
- There’s a difference been rehearsals and preparation
- Could we pre-record them? (excluding questions)
- We should ensure rehearsals are done
  - And allocate (and protect) the time for them
- “What makes the ideal livestream?”
  - Different to just scenes
- Planning ahead of time is good
- Generalise the list of tasks we wrote for[SR2021 league session](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/competition/virtual-competitions/competition-session-checklist/) to be more widely useful (or create multiple)

#### Actions

- Jake: Create better documentation about how to run a livestream ([#307](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/307))
- Peter: Start a discussion with the marketing team about livestreams ([#308](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/308))

### Kit knowledge sharing

- A session was done a few months ago
- Hasn’t held anything back quite yet, but could do in future in the event of kit debugging
- Running an additional session would be useful
  - Not urgent
- The runbook does[document](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/kit/software/) all the components and link to the relevant documentation

### Producer

- We should have one
  - Jake: Add to documentation on running a livestream

### Disclaimer forms

- We didn’t give them to teams until very late
- Communication on how strict the shipping deadline is

#### Actions

- Dan: Add to agenda for discussion on next Kit Team meeting ([#309](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/309))

### More visual microgames

- Microgames were quite “wall of text”-y
- Make the microgames more engaging
- Actually gamify them
- Is this a function of it being virtual?
- More time would likely have given us higher quality
- Do we know the success rate is?
- We do see teams in physical competitions taking

#### Actions

- Andy BS: See what lessons we can learn from this year’s microgames responses ([#310](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/310))

### Earlier kit packing / prep weekend

- We still got a lot done in the weekend we did
- Little was done at the end of last year to prepare for this one
- Root cause likely a function of time constraints
- Intending to do this planning

#### Actions

- Jake: Organise a doing around improving kit maintenance docs ([#311](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/311))

### Meeting feedback

- It might have been better to have had a clearer focus for this this retro on
  the Kickstart event and separating out a more general retro for the longer
  term planning. As it was, we talked about both aspects yet were missing many
  volunteers who have contributed to the topics.
- Nominate a person to run the retro in advance (so they can plan the scope, setup the tool, etc.)
- It could be useful to have a mechanism to collect topics during the event

## Raw comments

These notes are extracted from the retro tool used to facilitate the discussions above.

Where several people had made similar notes these are merged, into a single bullet point, with `|` separating the entries.

### Liked

- Trying a new structure for Kickstart & mircogames.
- Kit shipping has gone smoothly
- Livestream worked
- Interesting questions from the viewers
- It happened | We kicked off :) | We shipped a kickstart
- We worked well together to get the kit downloads available
- Greatly simplified hosted services -- no user accounts, no IDE.
- We've shipped a completely new kit stack! | Shipped python 3
- We looked at the recurring tasks repo
- Everything was done mostly on time | Most things were actually ready ahead of time :)
- Rules and microgames went up immediately
- Reacted to technical difficulties well

### Learned

- We really do need to practice the livestream beforehand.
- Windows + PuTTY + U-Boot = Pain | PuTTY sucks
- Youtube links are weird in presentations

### Lacked

- Looking at last year's retro before we started | Building on learnings of previous years.
- Rehearsal for the presentation | presentation rehearsal | Presentation production quality. Feels like a rehearsal could have made a substantial difference.
- A producer for the livestream
- Kit disclaimer deadline needs to be communicated effectively | Communication around shipping deadlines | teams to have completed disclaimer forms on time
- knowing the scope of the retro
- A good stream of questions
- Testing equipment for kit testing. e.g oscilloscope, bench supply
- A second presenter on the livestream
- Development documentation as we've gotten rid of the IDE
- Checklists or automation. A lot of what we do for Kickstart is repetitive year-on-year, yet we seem to keep reinventing it.

### Longed For

- Knowledge sharing on how the kit works
- More visual microgames
- Early planning & visibility. It felt like there was quite a lot which was still being sorted out this week, on all fronts. | A full list of tasks and progress
- Earlier kit packing / prep weekends
- Announcing competition date and location
- We should consider accessibility in all aspects of what we do: - Colour blind - Deaf (we need livestream captions)
- Early communication to teams.
- The kit feedback form got slightly forgotten until the last minute
- Live audience
