* Team signups
    * 30 signups so far - 27 unique schools
    * Email teams that have a kit that haven’t signed up
    * Confirmation?
        * We can only accept 12 teams without kits.
        * At most 20 teams have kits (some duplicate form entries)
        * We can confirm 16 teams based on minimum expected SUSU space.
        * Priority:
            * Signed up teams with kits (to confirm today)
            * Other signed up teams first-come-first-served (to confirm ~next week)
            * Second teams
        * Confirmation email contents:
            * You have a space
            * Kickstart 13th Nov at time
* Volunteer kickstart signups
    * Todo: word in a way so it offers virtual and in-person
    * Post in Slack, mailchimp, srawn
    * Assigning teams to volunteers:
        * Before kickstart
        * Ask for team availability next week.
* Micro games
    * Work in a check with kit safety.
    * Schedule a doing to sort the microgames over this weekend.
* Venue
    * Isabel Culmer is chatting with Reena.
    * There’s lots of chinese whispers here, Jake -> Isabel -> Reena -> SUSU. Let’s talk to SUSU directly (in a meeting).
    * We should confirm how much of SUSU we can get by 1 week before kickstart.
    * Send emails probing other venues
* Discord
    * We need to set one up.
        * Needs to run on the server (speak to infrastructure team)
    * Move the bot over to the new discord server.
    * Is there anything we want to do differently?
        * Maybe make the general channels not show up as private
        * Set default notifications to mentions only.
* SR(A)WN
    * Announce: Team sign ups are open.
    * Announce: Volunteer sign up link.
    * If it’s done in time: Discord sign up for volunteers.
* Budget
    * Due in 2 weeks.

