# Competition Team Meeting 2020-12-10

## Attendees

### Present

- Andrew Barrett-Sprot
- Alistair Lynn
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Will Barber
- Jenny Fletcher
- Dominik Kwiatek

### Apologies

- Peter Law

## Topics

### HRS “student”

- They’re no longer a student.
- Maybe recruit them as a blueshirt? If not we can give them a role
- We’re ok with them staying in discord.

### Code Submission - Can they submit multiple files?

- Yes, they can submit .zips

### New dependencies

- Pytorch is big (700MB)
- Team didn’t seem super enthusiastic about it.
- Lets not ship it unless a team specifically asks for it.

### Friendlies

- Week before (Sat 9th Jan)
- Unlisted youtube livestream
- Commentary
  - Lots of people in the call
  - More observations / mentoring that commentary
  - Interacting with Discord
- Some other event with a discord call for competitors?
  - This should be done individually, for each team that is struggling, we can arrange a discord call to mentor them in.

### Discord teams

- Teams still haven’t split
- We should send out the emails ASAP

### SR(A)WN

- We have a discord, it’s going well
- The game
- Modules
- Friendlies
- pre-Christmas eve social
- Comp meetings are open to all, just turn up

## Action Points

### General

### Specific

- James: Write up SR(A)WN content
- Jake: Reach out to previous HRS student
