# Competition Team Meeting 2020-12-03

## Present
*   Andrew Barrett-Sprot 
*   Alistair Lynn 
*   Jake Howard 
*   James Seden Smith
*   Will Barber

### Apologies

*   Peter Law


## Topics

### Simulator:
    *   Timesteps of 8 produce smaller videos (as opposed to 16)
        *   Should we release with a lower timestep?
            *   If so, before the first league?
                *   Yes.
    *   There’s no noise on the radar distance sensors
        *   We can add it later
### Tensorflow:
    *   We don’t want it:
        *   Hard to install
        *   Big
        *   Pain to use
        *   Possibly not performant
        *   May behave differently on different platforms
        *   Pytorch & Scikit learn instead?
### Other libraries for simulator:
    *   Numpy
    *   Scipy
    *   Scikit learn
    *   Pandas
    *   Pytorch for deep learning.
    *   Maybe Pillow with raw pixel data?
        *   Add if there’s a team that wants ‘vision’
###  Tech Days:
    *   We shouldn’t just assume we should host a ‘tech day’ just because its what we’ve done before
    *   What are our aims:
        *   Hoist up the lower teams
        *   Scare the medium teams to actually do something
    *   Hoist the lower teams:
        *   Consensus: there’s no real need to have a single ‘event’, we can help them more on a rolling basis.
        *   We should chase teams we haven’t heard from?
    *   Scare the medium teams:
        *   Date for code submission (use tool).
        *   Record matches and upload them for all to see (to scare teams).
        *   Send logs to individual teams.
### Discord:
    *   Need to increase the shitposting.

### Chasing up teams:
* 1 Email to all teams:
    *   Give them a checklist of things they should have done.
    *   Chase up all teams to see how they’re going on:
        *   If they finished the microgames
        *   How is their robot doing
    *   Chase up discord teams which are empty/have no leader.
        *   No leader in discord possibly more concerning?
            *   We could get Scarzy to email them 
*   Chase up teams which are ‘one team’ to tell them to split up. (separate email)
*   Australia team:
    *   Check up with them on how they’re doing given time zone differences, do they meet at a time we can help with, etc..
### Socials
    *   Among us?
    *   Let’s schedule something on the 12th.
### SR(A)WN
    *   Dan Trickey has offered to sort it! (thanks Dan, Than)

## Actions
- James: write an email with a checklist of things teams should have done by now.
- James: write an email to chase up the discord teams with no leader.
- Jake: write an email to poke teams to split up.
