# Competition Team Meeting 2020-10-15

## Attendees

- Andy BS
- Alistair Lynn
- Ash Holland
- Dominik Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Oana Lazar
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

## Meeting

We should define the timescale and shape of competition so we can start getting signups and info out to teams.

- We think we should have mini competitions leading up to the main competition potentially with new features of the game being released incrementally
- We need simulator, rules and dates to have kickstart
- We need to have new arena, way to claim and track territory and ideally fix physics bugs
- Need to create a kickstart presentation for the kickstart livestream
- Kickstart on 21st Novemeber
- Q & A after presentation would be nice
- Volunteers in chat grabbing questions and adding to the doc for presenters
- Could potentially also find a tool that allows users to submit questions and vote on them?
- Leagues starting from January
  - Jan 16th
  - Feb 6th
  - Mar 20th
  - Apr 24th
  - May 1st - Actual Competition

## Simulator

We should work on the simulator as we have limited time.

- It needs to be reliable so that it works throughout the year
  - We can start this without knowing what the game is
  - Jake happy to help onboard new volunteers if needed
  - Andy BS, Dominik, Peter, Jenny interested in doing some initial work on these points
- It needs to work for the game
  - Can't do this until we know what the game is

## The Game

Mechanincs for any games

- Dynamic arena
  - Part of the arena could be closed off for first half and opened for second half or vice versa
  - If we don't fix physics we could end up with some wacky explosions
  - Arena could change to react to movements of robots and score in the game
    - This is hard but could provide an interesting mechanic
- Localisation

  - Rather than markers on wall, we have a limited number of them and have lighthouse instead somewhere in an arena which flashing and another static light they can measure differences between
  - Interesting challenge for them to solve.
  - We have some teams that struggle to move in a straight line this would be very challenging for them

- We could have problems or puzzles to solve on the robot which they output to a files
  - Ways for robots to gather information
  - Could be different puzzle per match or a puzzle per weekend/league
  - Answer could be a clue to the next module (one ahead)?
  - May not be worth points but instead, get more information
  - Could be the answer is a description of the next module and that each area claimed gives them a few words about it they can stitch together

1 v 1s

- Not great if one robot does nothing
- Can be good for narrative in commentary though
- Does remove team element where a bad teammate is a disadvantage
- We like one vs one
- We'd need to run a lot more matches

We're no longer limited by squares

- Could we have three robots in a triangle or more in a different shape
  - Hard to commentate with more robots.

Are there any things that we can build in a simulator that would be too difficult or expensive to do in the real world

- Would be good to make use of this situation to try some more ambitious designs
- Robots can output files can we give them the challenge to solve for extra points?
  - Hard to show on stream or commentate on
- The arena could be randomised
- Robots could output what they think the world looks like and we could visualise there exploration like fog of war?
- Why do we have walls?
  - We could get rid of them and have pacman style teleporting
  - We could have a buffer zone around the edge of the arena and then just fall off the map
    - Markers are on walls but we have other ways we could provide location information

Customisation of robot

- Can we allow them to build there own chassis?
- This would allow them to have bigger teams as more job for them to do
- Can we have some form of modular toolbox to allow them to design there own chassis?
- Would be great if we can allow some form customisation
  - HATS!
  - Flags
  - Colour pallete
    - Has issues if we need to associate colours to teams
    - If 1v1 then colour coding is less important

## Mentoring

- If teams struggle in early leads, we are planning on offering more mentorship to them to help out.
- Can we help them more than mentoring
  - Maybe we could give them working examples if they can't do a task in a modules
  - Could we publish reference code for a house robot that does the bare minimum for the previous module
  - We like this idea
  - They could also potentially test against this robot
  - How to guides on the website could be useful for basic tasks?
  - How many people actually read how-tos?
  - Could be useful to refer to if mentoring a team though
  - Could we run webinar how-tos?

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake - Go through retro points and triage what needs fixing/building, then email out to interested parties looping in the Kit Team
- Jake - Email competitor team around the use of kit now we have a response from the Kit Team
- Jake - Draft welcome email to teams, explain virtual and multiple league sessions
- Jake, Alistair - Make a presentation for kickstart
- Alistair - Draft rules
