# Competition Team Meeting 2020-11-12

## Attendees

- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Dominik Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward

### Microgames

- We should do something to help teams get from zero to having something that can help their progress.
- Do we want these structured? Or more freeform?
- Do they know Python? Could we run some kind of python tutorial
- Could we make conference-style tracks with a beginner and 'advanced' track. Beginners learn Python advanced learn our APIs
  - How would beginners get the information from the advanced session once there up to speed?
  - Could we record them?
    - Works if presentation but not if a more interactive
- Team have to be at Kickstart as they are physically there, we should try to make sure we engage competitors, so they don't leave or decided not to do the tasks
  - Could we have a point style system with the team getting the most points receiving an edible prize in the post?
  - If they were in the room we could get them to give a micro update with their ideas could we do that
    - Can we get them to give updates to us to increase engagement
    - Getting them to give the update to us could be problematic, but we could ask the teachers to ensure this happens
- We can probably adapt some of the existing microgames
  - Debugging code, flashing LEDs will all work
- We should recommend they watch the Kickstart on a group call.
  - We're not expecting this to be a full day like it usually is, we should warn the team leaders
- How can we do the interactive sessions after the fact
  - Could we get the competitors to join a meet call with a couple of volunteers
  - Could we ask team leaders to invite us to their call
  - Team leaders may not be there
  - In physical Kickstart, teachers would have to give up a full day. We could warn them they will be needed if their competitors want a mentor to join a video call.
  - This is our preferred approach

### Teams

- 25 Teams currently from 15 schools and 3 countries
- Can run with more teams
- Jake sending an email with kickstart information and reminder sign-ups are

### The Game

- Jake has implemented some robot changes and has proof-of-concept on some game-specific changes
- Localisation
  - Default to markers, but if we have time before kick start we could develop an alternative approach

### Hosted Services

- Jake has spun up hosted services. Needs thoroughly testing and studentrobotics.org/ide doesn't work

### SR Competitor Accounts

- If we are using them we should send out team leaders info as soon as we can
- Could we collect diversity information at user account setup
- Not ideal as could be linked to a user, also team leaders may not know the correct information
- We will decide by the evening of the 13th whether we are using Discord or the forum.

### Kickstart

- We need to decide a time
- Start at 13:00 GMT and run till 17:00 GMT
- Jake to be the one to run the broadcast as the main presenter

### Sad DNS

- There's a new DNS cache poisoning attack. We should look at and check whether we need to do anything about it
- We don't think there is anything we have to or can do immediately
- We will continue to monitor and revaluate our approach as the situation develop

## Actions

### Specific

- Andy B-S: Contact Scarzy and make Discord decision
- Jake: Test (and fix if necessary) hosted services
- Alistair: Look into localisation
- Alistair: Finish rules
- James: Update kickstart event
- Andy B-S: Own Microgames
