# Competition Team Meeting 2020-10-29

## Attendees
- Jenny Fletcher
- Ash Holland
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- James Seden-Smith
- Jake Howard
- Peter Law

## Topics
### Team signup
- We’ve not sent out a form yet, but it will be done this week.
- [AI Jake Howard] send the email to teams to notify them of the event occurring
- Then we can add a sign-up form and send it out in an email (in a form that can be forwarded to other teams).
- [AI James Seden Smith] update sign-up form for 2021, ask for demographic information (rough numbers).
### Number of teams per organisation?
- Ask them how many they want and discuss with them if it’s more than 3 (to avoid a final league of people in the same organisation)
- Recommend team size of 4 (maybe 3?)
## When can we close entries?
- We could in theory keep them open until the first deadline, but lets keep them officially open until a couple days before kickstart.
- Close on 19th (kickstart is on 21st)
- Give out team accounts on demand of sign-ups.
- [AI Jake Howard] draft the email to send to team leaders when their team is confirmed
## Recurring tasks:
- It’s a good idea to create tasks based on the recurring tasks repo
- [AI Peter Law ]: create all the tasks based on the recurring tasks repository (removing things unrelated to a virtual competition.
## Simulator:
- [AI Andy] Try the explosion mitigations (listed in slack by Andy B-S)
- [AI Jenny]  Check the segfault issue was fixed.
## Getting new volunteers in:
- [AI Jake Howard] Send an email to the volunteer mailing list telling them what we’re doing and how we need help
- We have a lot of tasks to be done, and so getting new volunteers in would be great.
## Game
- Alistair should have formed ideas into a rulebook (have bludgeoned him in slack)
## Handling external comms
- Jake to own team communication
- James to own public coms
  - [AI James Seden Smith] email trustees for social media access
- Andy to help with social media

# Actions
- [AI Jake Howard] send the email to teams to notify them of the event occurring
- [AI James Seden Smith] update sign-up form for 2021, ask for demographic information (rough numbers).
- [AI Jake Howard] draft the email to send to team leaders when their team is confirmed
- [AI Peter Law]: create all the tasks based on the recurring tasks repository (removing things unrelated to a virtual competition.
- [AI Andy] Try the explosion mitigations (listed in slack by Andy B-S)
- [AI Jenny]  Check the segfault issue was fixed.
- [AI Jake Howard] Send an email to the volunteer mailing list telling them what we’re doing and how we need help
- [AI James Seden Smith] email trustees for social media access

