# Competition Team Meeting 2020-11-26

## Attendees

### Present

- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Topics

### Brief Kickstart retrospective

#### Good

 * 116 concurrent viewers!
 * We shipped it, it was awesome
 * It felt smooth
 * Most teams were happy getting going with the simulator
 * Teams did struggle with getting a Python set up
    * Could we mitigate this by being clearer how to set that up?
 * Discord seemed to work
    * Being snappier with responses is good
    * Relatively good analogue for being there in person
    * Provides a good direct but still open comms channel to teams
 * Really really rushed
    * We should actually plan ahead (shock horror)
 * Felt like we formed a good team in a way that has normally only really happened at physical events
 * Having open video/voice calls while working on things worked well
    * Good to easily bounce ideas off
    * Helps build a sense of community
    * Breakout rooms worked well for sub-topics

#### Not so good

 * Lots of people stayed up quite late, one person all night
 * Would have been good to have had a bit more warmup before the presentation
    * Some of the early jokes didn’t land
 * Presentation start was delayed
 * Didn’t hear that much from teams who (we assume) were doing ok -- only those who were struggling
 * Teams took a while to get the simulator set up
 * By not enforcing multi-team schools, most such schools don’t have their teams assigned and are now in a single team in Discord
    * We should confirm team numbers earlier

#### For the future

 * Should we do more Doings using a similar approach as the one immediately before Kickstart?
    * We have tried in the past (minus the time pressure) and not found it entirely productive
 * We should respond to teams sooner
 * We should inform volunteers better

### When should we hard close signups?

 * 2 weeks before the first set of matches

### Update volunteers

 * We should do this.
    * Almost monthly newsletter?
 * We can send to volunteers mailing list at a monthly (or longer) frequency without being too spammy.

### Mentoring / Tech Days

 * How are we going to do this? Do we want to try to have people around when the teams are meeting or just let it be reactive?
 * Do we want to organise friendly matches?
 * Concern that teams who are making less progress would feel less interested
 * Should we only allow matches versus a house robot
 * We think we do want to take a lead on this -- not just reactive
 * Can we involve the teams in this discussion?
 * Andy BS: take this discussion outside this meeting (has happened)

### Teams

 * Not all teams are currently in Discord (7 schools, 12 teams)
 * Some teams are present but haven’t interacted yet
 * We should chase the teams into Discord
 * (from conversation in Slack) Jake is going to follow up with team leaders soon
