# Competition Team Meeting 2020-12-17

## Attendees

### Present

- Andrew Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- Peter Law

## Topics

### "Team support" role

- Everyone seems to like this
- We should make sure teams are aware of the difference
- We should make the role, and communicate it to teams (namely HRS)
- “Team leaders are the adults responsible for the competitors.” - https://studentrobotics.org/docs/team_admin/user_accounts#UserManagement

### Friendlies schedule

- Livestream times
  - Start earlier & have a lunch break.
  - 10:30 - 12:00; Then lunch break and then until teams get bored.

### Code submission

- Needs modifying for password-per-team
- Not tied to discord
- Just read a file
- Submitter is already deployed
- Contacting teams:
  - We should email them with the date, description, and submission password
  - Ask them to email/discord us for entering the friendlies
  - We can also ping them on discord a couple days before.

### Getting logs back to teams

- Maybe also have in the code submission tool?
- We can email them as a backup.
- Logs can be uploaded after matches in real matches, beforehand for Friendlies

### Actual game

- Livestream times
  - Australians are 10.5hrs ahead
  - We need 3hrs set-up time, could be reduced if we pre-record them.
  - Estimated 1.5hrs? (Alistair to confirm) for every team to play every other team.
  - Decision: Livestream is at 12pm (Australians at 10pm), end time TBC by Alistair.
- Game
  - Discuss after the first set of matches.

### Should we pin the version of webots used for the competition?

- Yes, the one released at kickstart.
- We should still aim to support all the versions anyway.

### SR(A)WN

- We think we’ve mentioned everything needed, nothings changed.

## Action Points

### General

- Ensure automated scoring is functional
- Work out how to send logs back to teams (other than email)
- Document which version of webots will be run for the competition / league (update between league sessions)

### Specific

- Jake: Email teams with friendlies details
- James: Update website with times for league session matches
- Jake: Edit code submission tool to support file auth backend
- Jake: Create team support discord role and inform teams
- Will: Match Automation should be ready for Friendlies, discuss with Peter.
