# Competition Team Meeting 2020-10-15

## Attendees

* Andy BS
* Andy Busse
* Alistair Lynn
* Ash Holland
* Daniel Munoz
* Jake Howard
* James Seders Smith
* Jenny Fletcher
* Peter Law
* Rachel Sekibo
* Scarzy
* Tyler Ward
* Will Barber

## Agenda

* Discuss what to change for SR2021.
* Establish a competition timeline.
* Form a team that's interested in getting it running.
* Schedule regular meetings.

## Possible recruiting approach?

Based on the histories of those currently present, is there something around
asking people to help with a specific thing? They tend to hang around. It’s
worked fairly well so far.

## What does SR2021 look like?

COVID means our usual structure, with a competition event at the end, isn’t likely to work. How much can we actually keep though?

There are broadly three options:
* Virtual competition, purely in a simulator
* Distance competition
   * Stricter robot size limit
   * Teams ship us their robots
   * We run the competition, but the teams aren’t present
   * We have a small number of volunteers
      * There’s less to do
      * COVID limit means 6 is probably doable
   * Would need a way to handle roving repairs of robots
   * Run the competition as just the arena
   * Smaller robots may work better as a 1v1 game rather than a 4v4
* Remote challenges for a physical robot
   * Avoids some of the logistics issues, but not all
   * Still relies on teams being able to physically meet

### Challenges & tradeoffs

Are school teams going to be able to actually come together to work on their robots?
* Will they be able to meet at all?
* Are schools cancelling clubs?
   * after school clubs are mostly cancelled
   * some schools can do SR during school hours

How do we ensure that we’re not limiting this to teams with different restrictions in place?

Does shipping robots rule out overseas teams?

The logistics of running a distance competition are going to be hard. This itself could be a substantial blocker. We’re also limited on the budget that we have.

Running a virtual only event means teams missing out on the hardware build.

Can we ensure that the competition is safe for volunteers?

Is a time trial/at home competition event viable? This would allow for hardware challenges while avoiding some of the logistics issues?
What did PiWars do? Could we take inspiration from that?
Would involve videos of the robots being judged.

Overall a key theme here is that the uncertainty around whether:
* We’d be able to meet to run the competition
* The teams can meet to build the robot

Should we focus on the things which we are good at. Let’s double down on those and for areas where people can learn well on their own or via other organisations which may be able to help them learn within the current restrictions.

If we’re going for a virtual competition, can we lean into that? Go a lot deeper on the software side and maybe also do a lot more active teaching? Perhaps seminars?

Budget is a substantially limiting factor. This is another limitation on possibly doing a physical competition.

### Other ideas

#### Hardware and simulate?

Can we build, say 6, robot hardwares which we can also simulate and then lets the teams submit code for both?
Likely we would struggle to have a good enough simulation. Feels like it could also struggle to ensure that the robot bases are unbiased and obviously so (i.e: this might fall afoul the “that’s bullshit” issue).
Our experience is that teams who build for simulators then struggle to translate that to a real robot.

#### Remote hardware?

Could we have an office space or similar which contains some house robots, which the teams submit code to remotely. They’d get a testing slot once a week. We’d need to have someone visit to reset every so often. Would that be safe?

#### Two strands of competition?

Everyone competes in a virtual competition.
We also have a separate competition which is for the teams who can build robots.

Variation: can we have a way to encourage the teams who already have kits to build something, but explicitly not a directly competitive aspect. We’d celebrate their achievements, but without an event at the end. This could reduce our logistics and costs, while still supporting the teams who want to build something. We’ve already had some interest from a team in this regard.

We’re open to doing this variation, but let’s defer this for now.

**Conclusion**: the competition will be a purely simulated competition.

## Pure Virtual Competition

How can we improve on SR2020?

Can we support the teams more?
* Perhaps have some seminars, teach more?
* Help keep teams motivated by providing regular check-ins, milestones?

What does a virtual Tech Day look like?
How does virtual mentoring work?
We can get much better at volunteer communication
* SR(A)WN?
* We think this suffered during late SR2020 because there wasn’t clear championing of the virtual competition

Does a virtual competition allow for other ways of competing and awarding points?
* Micro competitions along the way
* Run the league all the way along, one session a month
   * Gives the teams more experience early on
* Perhaps some of the game mechanisms don’t exist to start with?
   * Avoids teams just solving everything at the start or getting too far ahead of the others
* Could we explore pure-software challenges which aren’t related to the robots?

## Who’s going to make it happen?

Jake, Andy & Andy are the Competition Committee.

Much discussion about how a team should be formed and what purpose it serves. No strong conclusion was reached in that regard.

## Competition Timeline

Mini competition (a league season or two) per weekend, much the same as the SR2020 competition sessions were run.
Probably a weekend for the final couple of weekends, but otherwise just one day.

We therefore need from now enough time to:
* Plan a game
* Accumulate teams
* Get invites out to Kickstart

What does Kickstart look like? How long do we need to plan it?

Do we want to limit teams to 6 people; force schools to enter more teams? Could be good to have more teams, but might mean teachers need to spend more time. Groups of young people aren’t limited to groups of 6, so that limitation may not fit. Can we let the schools make this decision. Separately, a team of 6 for a pure software team may even on the larger size.

Proposed dates:
* Kickstart: 21st November
* First league: 5th December

Let’s commit to have made a decision regarding the date of the competition before Kickstart.
If we’re going for the modular release approach regarding the competition game, this may be a factor in the date chosen for the competition.

## Next meetings

Date/time undecided.
We’ll need to work out next time what we’re going to do in the simulator, game design and plan for kickstart.
