# Competition Team Meeting 2020-11-05

## Attendees

- Andy BS
- Alistair
- Dominik Kwiatek
- Jake
- James
- Jenny
- Peter
- Scarzy

## Microgames

- Should we have them?
- Historically used to introduce the kit to teams
- Could be not as useful in current form as won't have volunteers on hand to provide immediate assistance
- Can we adapt them to be more useful for a virtual situation. Less about showing steps and more about having a volunteer 'on-call' available to help with any snags or initial issues
- Should we ask teams to pre-install the simulator?
  - Could means teams already feel like they're on the backfoot if they don't
  - If we don't ask for pre-install Webots is very large to download (1.5GB) so would require us to wait up to an hour (or more) for teams to be able to continue
- Can we make the Webots installer smaller? Maybe by removing example assets from the installer. Probably not time to do this cycle but could look at for the future.
- We should do something to capitalise on the excitement, teachers and some competitors may expect Kickstart to last the entire day.
- As virtual, we can go further with microgames than before. Teams could leave with a fully working robot, but that's fine, we're only raising the lowest bar
- Could have the teams unlock robot functionality by completing tasks, end of task upload evidence and get next download with more functionality
- We think we should run micro games this Kickstart, ideas should be emitted on to the task and can be potentially discussed further in the future if needed.

## Teams

- Do we have enough?
- We currently have 11 schools and 20 teams, though we'd like more if possible
- We could send another reminder to the existing list of potential teams
  - [AI Jake] Write and send a reminder about signups
- Can we reach out to new schools via other methods than just our mailing list?
  - [AI Andy B-S] Tweet about signups mentioning STEM organisations
- Do we capture how teams find out about us?
  - No but we should
  - [AI James] Amend current questionnaire to capture this
- We could also cold email schools in areas we don't have many teams from
  - Start with pro forma email for sponsors and chop and change as necessary
  - Free COVID appropriate extracurricular activity
- Do we want to reach out to non-school organisations?
  - Not opposed to it but not sure who they are
  - Could we reach out to the scouts?
    - Explorers would be the desired age range if we did
    - [AI James] Advertise in Scouting Facebook Groups
- We think we should look at closing signups (or evaluating more closely our limits) at 50 teams

## The Game

- Alistair has shared a first draft of rules 🎉
- How should we do localisation?
  - Shouldn't just give teams a 'GPS' style call a function to get a location. This is a software challenge, and localisation is an interesting and significant problem to solve.
  - Doesn't have to be markers
  - We could add a 'compass' and the ability to listen to 'radio waves' to get bearings.
  - Could we add a virtual IMU?

## Hosted Services

- Peter unable to spin up currently due to lack of internet
- We should also look at someone else doing it from a knowledge-sharing perspective
- Peter suggests Jake or James could potentially help out.
- [AI Jake] To try and spin up competitor services this weekend

## Tech Days

- What do tech days look like for a virtual competition?
- Could we give them some reference code and go through it from a teaching perspective
- How easy is it to have a long-running zoom call or teams where competitors can drop in or out?
  - Should have multiple volunteers on the call
  - Never one on one
  - Competitors should have a responsible adult aware they are on the call or on the call with them

## SR Competitor Accounts

- Do we still need them?
  - We use them for Code submission, media consent, the forums and the IDE
  - We could drop the forums in favour of discord
    - Andy B-S has researched this in the past
    - [AI Scarzy] Look into discord from a safeguarding perspective
  - We could change the code submission not to need accounts
  - The IDE could be dropped in favour if local development environments
  - We don't envisage media consent being necessary this year as we won't have images of competitors

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake - Write and send a reminder about signups
- Andy B-S - Tweet about signups mentioning any STEM organisations found
- James - Amend current signup form to capture where they heard about us
- James - Advertise in UK Scouting Facebook Groups
- Jake - To try and spin up competitor services this weekend
- Scarzy - Look into Discord from a safeguarding perspective
