# Competition Team Meeting 2021-03-03

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake
- James
- Peter
- Will

## Topics

### Budget

- David would like us to submit an actual budget

- Things we think we’re going to want:

  - Prizes
  - Couple of VMs for most of the competition ($15/month overall)
  - Contingency

- For amounts we can look at last year and adjust for inflation

### Doing this Saturday

- Still needs announcing
- We should label the tasks as tasks vs process improvements
- Should we create a list of things to focus on this week?

### Module Ⅳ discussions

- There’s some PRs to finish
- Just need to write the rules

### Mentoring

- Teams are being mentored, is good

## Action Points

- James: put together a spreadsheet to share with the trustees (happened)
