# Competition Team Meeting 2021-04-14

## Attendees

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

## Topics

### Friendlies

- Prep on Friday as normal
- Discord reminder (happening)
- Email reminder (do this in the Doing)
- We have 9 teams signed up so far

### Volunteer friendlies

- People who we believe are interested in submitting code have been sent code-submitter credentials. Anyone who hasn’t got them but wants to submit code should contact Peter or Jake (ideally via Slack) and they can arrange that.

### Prizes

- Let’s use the same breakdown of edible vs glass trophy as normal. This means that the Online Presence is an edible trophy, the others are glass.
- We need to order the trophies. Andy BS will do this.
- We may need to order trophies from somewhere other than the UK

### Finals

- Contact the kit committee to see if we should mention something about physical kits
- Could we do a highlight reel?

### Email from trustees

- Have mentors before the start of the competition

- If we’re targeting less advantaged teams, we’re going to need to put a lot more effort into mentoring

- Regional competitions, to reduce travel

  - Host in schools?
  - How would we transport kit?

- Is Reading still a viable venue?

- How do we discover these teams

- How do we contact these teams?

- This isn’t strictly up to us, it’s for the next competition committee

- What constrains the team numbers? Venue? Kit?

- Reducing robot size reduces cost

- Requiring teams to purchase their own robots is a form of “Cost of entry”

- We should have further discussions about this

  - Members meeting?
  - Needs wider input rather than just us


## Action Points

* Send email to teams about upcoming events (happened)
* Remind teams in Discord about friendlies this weekend (happened)
