# Competition Team Meeting 2021-01-21

## Present

- Alistair
- Jake
- James
- Jenny
- Peter
- Will


### Apologies

- Andy BS

## Topics

### League session 1 cleanup

- Logs went out already :)
- All good, just waiting the follow-up email to teams who didn’t turn up or who didn’t do so well

### Mentoring

- Various teams are far behind (for various reasons), how do we get them caught up?
- How can we best do this, especially when we’re all remote?
- Challenges:
  - How do we build a relationship with the teams remotely? Geography is less of a challenge now, but timezones still are.
  - Safeguarding - we need to ensure that there are enough adults around that having voice/video calls are viable.
- Would an office hours setup in Discord help? That would be: we publish times when we’ll have a concentration of volunteers in Discord and then let teams turn up and ask us questions during those times.
  - However our current response latency is very low (some volunteers appear not to sleep), so would this actually offer them anything more than is currently available.
  - That said, being proactive could drive more interaction from teams who need the help more.
- We could collect the times at which the teams are already meeting
  - We could then post in Discord during those teams to ask how they’re doing
  - Assuming that we can get video/voice sorted, would be good to get face to face time with the teams, to help them feel more supported
  - There are some teams who appear to have regular slots, are these the ones which are doing better anyway? We should probably try to prioritise the teams doing less well.
- Can we organise mentoring more directly via Discord? This might help reduce latency to responses from team members, enabling us to more easily help them.
- Can we invite one of our newer volunteers to organise this? Most of the newer volunteers haven’t been active recently. While we’ve not been reaching out to them much recently, it feels like it could be a week before we get a response either way and we could just end up a week delayed with no progress.
  - Don’t feel that a delay is acceptable here as a concern that teams which don’t make it to the next league session may feel they’re too far behind to contribute at all.
- How to advertise this to our volunteers?
  - The next SRAWN is going out soon
  - Need to let the kit team know that we’re organising this, but let’s focus on organising this ourselves.
- Let’s sort how this will work and getting the email to teams & volunteers in Doing this evening


### Module 3

- Let’s defer this for now, mentoring is more important to get organised.
- Getting the friendlies as input last time was useful, but don’t feel that we need it again
- For the build side of this, let’s schedule a build
- For module 2 build, a lot of the time was waiting for code review -- let’s push for faster review next time
- The first step here is to gather the ideas for what it_could_ be
  - Alistair to reach out to people and gather ideas


### Module 2 friendlies?

- A little bit more structure than last time would be good, both planning and of the event
  - In particular the running of the matches -- would be good to make use of the overlay
- The informality was good, let’s lean into that
- Could we use a Discord call and let the teams join us?
  - Need to run this past Scarzy
  - Feel like we’d need media consent for also broadcasting to YouTube
    - Let’s assume we can’t broadcast this if we’re letting competitors in
- Timing of the friendlies being different from the leagues seems to have confused some people. It would be better therefore to have them a midday, for consistency. This obviously isn’t great for the Australian team, though the live stream, logs and other recordings are available.
- Submission deadline? Yes, this makes the initial matches easier to run.
  - 8pm UK time Friday evening
  - Make it clear that submissions are open at any time before that though
  - But let’s make it clear the team can upload more later and we’ll run more matches

## Action Points

- Alistair: reach out to people and gather ideas (is happening already in [#game](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/CCVCJ0CR5/))
