# Competition Team Meeting 2021-02-04

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Will Barber

## Topics

### League session

- Code deadline
  - We never really advertised the changed deadline
  - Should we keep it at 8am Sat rather than 8pm Fri?
  - We’ll keep it at Saturday, tell them now, and tell them to let us know if they’re going to have issues

- Running matches
  - There will be people around

- Livestream
  - Still Jake, but we’re ok on the risk given the stability of the last friendlies

- Schedule
  - We’ll generate this at about 20:30, so there’s some padding for teams who submit slightly late
  - Still slightly undefined as to how / who will generate this, but nothing super worrying

### Module 3

- Open PRs
- Rulebook

### Module 4

- We should have a meeting about what’s going in the module
  - Aim for w/b 8th Feb
- There’s a long time for dev, which is good

### Mentoring

- Still no signup from volunteers
- 2 teams have requested
- We should encourage people to sign up somehow
- Mention it to volunteers again
- Still no word from the kit committee on assistance

### CI

The private simulator repo CI is broken as we're out of free minutes. We should fix this.
Editors note: it got fixed.
