# Competition Team Meeting 2021-01-07

## Attendees

- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Will Barber
- Alistair Lynn
- Peter Law
- James Seden Smith

## Topics

### Closing entries for SR2021

- We had some late entrants from an educational company in Malaysia, after
  conferring with the trustees we’re allowing them to enter; they’re bringing
  four teams.
- We have now closed entries for SR2021

### Friendly matches

- Livestream a meet call
- We’ll run the simulations in advance, to get practice for running for real
- We’re assuming that we don’t have a remotely hosted simulator setup. If one
  emerges before tomorrow (Friday) evening, we can use that
- We have 6 teams signed up so far
- We should close signups for friendlies at 21:00Z Friday
- For future, we should allow anyone to register a team for friendlies, not just team leaders
- Things to do after deadline:
  - Put together match schedule
  - Run matches
  - Create meet call for livestream
    - Will be casual -- just screen-sharing the meet call for commentary/hanging around
- Things to do after stream
  - Distribute logs
- Things we’re not doing:
  - Archiving the robot code/videos/animations

### First league session

- Who’s doing what?
  - Alistair and Jake are interested in hosting
- Things to do:
  - Review recurring-tasks for things to sort before the competition
  - Match schedule
  - Overlay needs updating -- at least colours and number of teams
  - Video display needs updating -- timings of matches
  - Contact teams which have shown no activity, as measured by not turning up to
    the friendlies/haven’t got anyone in Discord
  - Contact teams which haven’t split but were expected to; tell them to either
    split or accept that they’re going to only have one team

### Second league module

- We’ll schedule a discussion for making a decision after the friendlies have
  happened, so that we can take into consideration the teams’ progress.
