# Competition Team Meeting 2021-02-11

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- James
- Jenny
- Will
- Peter

### Apologies

- Jake

## Topics

### Mentoring

- No teams?
- We should get more
- We previously emailed the teams who didn’t turn up to the first league, we
  should remind the teams who didn’t make it to the second league and also open
  this up to all teams
- We can also include a reminder about the new module and that we released the simulator
- Peter: write up some messages to send out


### Stuff to do before the next leagues

- Can we use that to get new people involved? [Link to retro](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/blob/849cd95ea5957e9be9a1bbe8261cb3737323880e/SR2021/2021-02-06-league-2-retro.md)

- Having some Doings is a good approach here, so people can learn by Doing.

  - Send a Doodle poll? To which mailing list?

  - Have a key focus per Doing?

    - Livestream/production
    - Comp ops tooling
    - Module 4
    - Simulator?

  - Weekend vs evenings?

  - Andy: put together a Doodle poll & message and send it to a suitably mailing list. SR(A)WN if there is one? Maybe wider?

    - Put in slack too
    - Broad timeslots on specific dates (both evenings an weekends)

- Would be great to have a full dry-run of the livestream setup to help validate the fixes.

- We had replays last year, but not this year? Could we have them/should we have them?

- Could we have multiple camera views?


### Mailing lists

- Do we have a list somewhere of what our lists are and what to use each for?
- Jake might know, feels like this information should be in the runbook maybe?


### How to build a robot docs/document how to build a house robot

- What’s a good format for this?

  - Livestream?
  - Maybe a docs page with a scripted video?

- Which module is this for? (Does it matter given that we’re not going to cover advanced topics?)

- How good a robot is this?

  - Likely well structured, but ideally not (yet) very capable


### Is this Thursday evening slot still a good time for meetings?

- Doodle poll

  - Put in Slack
  - Include in the email to all volunteers about Doings
  - Recurring timeslots


## Action Points

- Peter: write up messages to go out to teams about mentoring ([#276](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/276))
- Andy BS: email volunteers with an update and inviting them to get involved ([#277](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/277)) (Doings Doodle, Meetings Doodle); check in with the kit team before sending
