# Competition Team Meeting 2021-01-14

## Attendees

### Present

* Andy Barrett-Sprot
* Jake Howard
* James Seden Smith
* Jenny Fletcher
* Peter Law (minutes)
* Will Barber

## Topics

### How to announce Module 2?

- In the livestream at the end of the module 1 league livestream?
  - We can extract this to its own video too
  - We should have a blog post too
- What assets do we need for the announcement?
  - Some form of visuals
  - Think we can use the images/mockups we have already from the PRs
  - Will: prepare assets for this, ideally some videos of the new things, stills are fine too
- When will the new version be available?
  - Immediately is good, but not a requirement
  - We_do_ need to be able to say when it will be available
  - Need to ensure that the time is fair with regards to timezones
- Let’s work this out backwards from when it’s completed. Review that tomorrow evening!

### Anything outstanding for running Module 1 league

- No schedule as yet
  - Blocked on knowing which teams are competing, blocked until code submission
  - Check Alistair is aware of the plan here
- Check the competition website handles two-team arenas
  - Peter to check this
- Update the overlay to work with two-team arenas
  - Jake to update this

### Practicalities of running Module 1 league

- Once submissions are in, we’ll generate the schedule
- We’re happy to have the producer (Jake) also be one of the commentators
- Will & James will be running the matches
  - Need to grant access to push to compstate for the person simulating the matches
  - Need to grant access to upload to the drive
- Alistair & Jake will be commentating

### Finalising Module 2

- Need a rules update
- There are various simulator PRs in flight

## Action Points

* Will: prepare assets for module 2 announcement, ideally some videos of the new things, stills are fine too ([#253](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/253))
* Jake: prepare presentation for module 2 announcement ([#254](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/254))
* Peter: check the competition website supports two-team arenas ([#255](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/255))
* Jake: update the overlay to support two-team arenas ([#256](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/256))
* Jake: sort Will an @sr account (and/or poke Diane) ([#257](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/257))
* Jenny: draft a rules update ([#258](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/258))
