# Competition Team Meeting 2021-05-12

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake
- Karina
- James
- Jenny
- Will
- Andy BS

## Agenda

1. Trophies
2. Discord
3. Team Leader Feedback

## Topics

### Trophies

- Andy is going to deal with these tomorrow
- We should check in with team responses
- YSH are asking about certificates

### Discord

- Still need to work out what to do
- Raised as https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/691

### Team leader feedback

- Not many responses yet
- Responses so far aren't bad
- Maybe we should prompt next week?
