# Competition Team Meeting 2021-02-24

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

## Topics

### Mentoring

- Is going well. Could do with some more mentors though.
- Haven’t had any replies from volunteers about mentoring…. but Peter _has_ replied. Turns out the email went via info@, which we don’t have access to. This is potentially an issue if we’re not seeing the replies -- there might be other people who are interested but we don’t know about
  - Jake to chase the trustees for this

### Next event: Friendlies

- On the 13th March
- We have three or four interested teams, including some newer ones who could benefit from them
- Next time -- we should prepare an email to go out to all teams which will advertise the friendlies and solicit submissions
- Should we run some more sooner?
  - The weekend we’d want to do it is this weekend (so there’s two clear weeks between them), feels a bit too short notice.

### Metrics

- Should we collect them now? Does it feel weird to collect them in the middle?
- There’s broadly two classes -- demographics and competition feedback
  - Let’s capture these separately
  - Let’s do a demographics survey now
  - Jenny put together the survey (base on copy/pasta/edit from last year’s)
  - Demographic metrics requirements from the trustees: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QfOpNkHKnWQiPdlgRsh1aJUtkCLGgrk6GfPfO8MMU5c/edit>
  - Can we incentivize completion? Unclear it’s worth it, would make it much more complex to run (given the need for personally identifiable information to handle the reward, but we don’t want PII in the main content)

### Next Doing?

- There is still much to do for the next league etc.
- We should book this, haven’t yet got a date in mind.
  - Having a Doodle now would mean quite a delay. Let’s just pick a date and invite volunteers via email
  - Saturday seemed to work ok last time. Let’s do that again.
    - 27th Feb
    - 6th March
    - Timings: aim to run 2-6pm, though the end-time is flexible
  - Andy: email volunteers inviting them to these

### Module Ⅳ

- There is a set of changes partly implemented
  - Thanks Will!
- Let’s aim to finesse the ideas we have in mind already, rather than adding new things at this point
- Let’s get to a conclusion early in the Doing this weekend

## Action Points

- Jake: request access to info@ from the trustees (also poke them about Will’s SR account)
- Jenny: prepare a demographics survey
- Andy BS: email volunteers about upcoming Doings

## SR(A)WN Content

- Is this coming Sunday

- Will be after the next doing, but not the one after

  - Mention both, different tenses
  - Brief summary of what we might be working on
