# League Session 3 Retro 2021-03-20

## Attendees

- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

## Topics

- Call cut out part way through

- We rehearsed commentator script, which was good

- Didn’t spot territory range issue before very late

- Music and commentator volume varied

- Mixtape worked well
  - Made Jake’s life so much easier

- Music
  - We had more music than before
  - Kept stopping for some reason
  - Getting the volume right was difficult
    - We should normalize this
    - EQ might also help here

- Overlay sidebar spacing looks a bit weird
  - Spacing due to different sized team identifiers

- A team submitted code late
  - We reacted well
    - Running their matches wasn’t a huge PITA
    - Shows that running matches the night before much better
  - We hadn’t noticed they hadn’t submitted.
  - We’ve fixed the code submitter to make this more obvious

- Commentators practiced
  - Made things feel much more natural, and less rushed

- We didn’t go live as early as we wanted to

- Rules and simulator went out shortly after
  - We did have to make some changes, though

- Still a commentator doing production
  - Mixtape made this a lot easier
  - A/V issues were still distracting
  - Still a bus factor

- We didn’t get many questions
  - There’s probably a lot to digest
  - We did get a few good questions, though

- Weaponized locking out
  - Teams didn’t like it
  - It’s fixed now, though

- Matches were on average less interesting
  - There still were good ones
  - Reduced robot interaction
  - Locking out made the strong team matches more boring

- Commentators didn’t jump fire on questions
  - Filtering through volunteers worked well

- Some teams still aren’t doing great
  - Should we release example code?
    - Need to make sure they won’t blatantly copy it
  - Because of lack of support or lack of motivation?
    - Likely motivation
    - We’ve reached out a lot offering support
    - Is there any way we can encourage them?
  - Weaker teams ended up facing several strong teams

- Some teams have really improved

- Logs sent out quickly, again

- A commentator only did a single match
  - Reduced stepping on each other
  - Reduced _banter_

- Felt much more organised
  - “What is there to do?” “Oh there’s nothing to do”
  - We should feel really good about this

- Post-match felt less organised
  - Mostly due to sudden module 4 change

- Locking out
  - We did the right thing by walking back on it
  - Get the big decisions made earlier
    - Do the fine details later
  - Design modules by thinking of the end state first
    - Design almost all modules from the start


## Action Points

- Look into normalizing audio (<https://www.alphr.com/normalize-volume-vlc/>): <https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/664>
- Add “publicise start time for volunteers” onto checklist: <https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/656>
- Drop out teams who have never said anything: <https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/290>
- Mention that code for session 4 may be carried over to knockouts of teams don’t resubmit: <https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/665>
