# Competition Team Meeting 2021-04-21

## Attendees

* Alistair Lynn
* Jake Howard
* James Seden Smith
* Peter Law
* Will Barber

## Topics

### League 4

- Let’s check the checklist

- Things to do:

  - Update livestream URL in competition website
  - Draft website article for after league 4
  - Remind teams about deadline


### Finals

- Knockouts design:

  - Single elimination with playoffs for the >2^N team
  - Considered doing double elimination. This would give teams more appearances and thus may feel slightly fairer, but would be more complicated to explain and to run as well as taking much longer overall.
  - Teams must turn up to league 4 if they want to submit to the finals. Teams who aren’t able to do that, but let us know about it ahead of the deadline can also enter the finals. Expected teams who don’t submit to the finals will have their league 4 code entered. Teams who don’t submit to the finals and don’t have league 4 code will not qualify.

- Knockouts timings:

  - We’ll run at about our usual spacing, with some additional time between each of the knockout rounds to commiserate those knocked out. Might need to harvest some time from the usual spacing to accommodate this.
  - Expecting to run for about 1h15 - 1h30

- SRComp things

  - Input the schedule into the static scheduler config at the same time as running the league matches (on Friday evening) so it’s ready to show on the livestream

  - Check the knockouts displays for:

    - Two match knockouts
    - Play-ins in the static scheduler


### Demographics & feedback survey

- We had been hoping to send this out earlier in the year, but haven’t managed to do so

- Jenny seems likely busy with university things, would be great if someone else who could pick this up sooner

- James: have a look at last year’s & update to be a standalone form

- We should be capturing information directly from the competitors and separately from team leaders

- For the moment let’s assume we’re doing a combined feedback & demographic survey

- Aim to have this sent out before the league matches for completion before the knockouts

  - We can remind them about it on the livestream


### Team leaders

- Let’s propose a change to “Supervisor” or “Team Supervisor” as this avoids confusion about the role being something a member of the team can do.
- Alistair: email the trustees about this

## Action Points

* James: sort a demographics/feedback survey (https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/661 and https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/685)
* Alistair: email the trustees to propose a change “Team Leader” to “Supervisor” or “Team Supervisor” (done)
