# Competition Team Meeting 2021-02-18

## Present

- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

### Apologies

- Andy Barrett-Sprot

## Topics

### Review results from Doodle polls

- Doings

  - Saturday afternoon is the best time

- Regular meeting slot

  - Wednesday 8pm

- Send an email about these!

### Mentoring update

- Have pinged some teams in Discord, not all
- Still need to send the emails out
- Haven’t had any responses either way about mentoring from teams

### Module Ⅳ

- Still need to decide what this will be
- Let’s do this in the weekend’s Doing

### Robots getting stuck in walls

- Not sure that we’ve seen this, certainly we’ve not identified this

- Suspect that maybe robot weight (it’s large) is part of the issue here

  - We can’t easily change this as that would change the robot behaviour, however
  - We could explore what happens if we reduce the weight, as a diagnostic measure

- Maybe use the keyboard based robot to see if we can reproduce it?

- Hard to do much about until we have a reproduce

- Buuut is this a big deal? If teams drive into a wall in the real competition they’d damage both the wall and their robot (and likely be disqualified)

- Will has an ongoing conversation with a team in Discord who claim to be badly affected, let’s see if we can get a reproduce from them

- Otherwise this is something to explore at a Doing

- Let’s make sure we’ve got an issue on the simulator repo to track this

### Next friendlies

- The week before the leagues is a good time
- Let’s get it organised now
