# Competition Team Meeting 2021-05-05

## Attendees

### Present

- Alistair
- Andy BS
- James
- Jake
- Jenny
- Karina
- Peter
- Will


## Agenda

1. ...

## Topics

### Trophies

- We need to send an email to teams to confirm their delivery address
- We found trophy manufacturers for France and Australia
    - Somewhere for team MCK is proving more difficult
- YSH just need edibles
    - Ask them how they’d want the prize
    - Amazon is likely not viable

### Discord

- We should have a way to archive it, for safeguarding purposes
- We could just remove all the students and leave it where it is?
- Scrape the data, then delete from Discord?

### Task wrap up

- Everything open needs doing, and is in progress

### Review competitor feedback

- People liked the modules, maybe fewer
    - Review the timing of the modules and how much extra challenge each adds
- Would like more hardware/software/robot customization
    - We could have had more clarity sooner about this not being the case this year
- Quite a lot of teams had some issues with the simulator
    - Mostly just that it’s slow, but some hit bugs etc.
- Finish earlier (to avoid exams)
- In person if possible

### Team leader feedback

- Was reviewed. Is going to be included in the wrap-up email.

### Next year’s game?

- We should plan for both a physical and virtual competition
